#qualifying packet

1. (cata: 17) In the year 2043, there may be a problem with unstable materials
  in space. For example, it's never been tested in space. This could be a problem
  because you cannot rely on 4D-created materials, such as plastic.

2. (cata: 3, 14) In the year 2043, there may be a problem with the people in
  control of this situation being reedy. For example, at some point, everybody
  is greedy. This could be a problem because all the people would care about
  money and not the safety of the spaceship.

3. (cata: 4) In the year 2043, there may be a problem with not having an astronaut
  accompany Athena on the mission to Proxima B. For example, we could lose
  connection with the spaceship. This could be a problem because if they weren't
  in connection with the spaceship, they would have to start a new mission.


4. (cata: 5) In the year 2043, there may be a problem with other countries
  wanting to get to Proxima B first. Fore example, Russia and the U.S. were
  competing to get to the moon first. This could be a problem because it could
  begin another world war.

5. (cata: 3) In the year 2043, there may be a problem with the mission failing,
  and the SDS losing money rapidly. For example, this company's only chance my
  be this spaceship – otherwise they would be broke. This could be a problem
  because then they would not be able to pay off all their dues or not be able
  to fund this possibly life-changing mission.

6. (cata: 12) In the year 2043, there may be a problem with Proxima B being
  inhabited already. For example, scientist think that someday, it might be able
  to support human life, so it might already have another species. This could be
  a problem because if we didn't get along with them or they messed with our
  programming.

7. (cata: 2) In the year 2043, there may be a problem with not exporting animals
  to Proxima B. For example, when humans move to a different planet, they are
  leaving animals we eat all the time behind. This could be a problem because
  humans might not have food.

8. (cata: 3) In the year 2043, there may be a problem with people arguing over
  who has ...(not sure). For example, the government could (not sure) the Athena
  mission, or other countries will try to butt in or get land for themselves.
  This could be a  problem because it could cause another world war.

9. (cata: 17) In the year 2043, there may be a problem with the 4D print taking
  control over the mission and going rogue. For example, since the 4D print
  adapts to its surroundings, it could think, 'why am I being controlled.'
  This may be a problem because they're mission could fail.

10. (cata: 17) In the year 2043, there may be a problem with the transition to
  move. For example, the government might not have enough spaceships to fly
  everyone to the new planet. This could be a problem because SDS might not have
  enough spaceships to transport people.

11. (cata: 18, 17) In the year 2043, there may be a problem with the the material
  of the 4D spaceship being too heavy. For example, if the spaceship is too heavy, it
  cannot go into space. This cold be a problem because the spaceship would
  crash and it would waste good material.

12. (cata: P) In the year 2043, there may be a problem with the atmosphere of
  Proxima B not being safe for humans. For example, since we have not sent
  anything there, so we can't test it. This may be a problem because we would
  have to wear spacesuits all the time if we could even land a manned spaceship
  there.


13. (cata: D -> 4) In the year 2043, there may be a problem with sending an
  unmanned spaceship to go to Proxima b. For example, unmanned spaceships may be
  harder to control than manned ones. This could be a problem because if the SDS
  lost the spaceship they may not have the support to try it again.

14. (cata: P) In the year 2043, on Proxima B, there may be a problem with not
  having enough room for all the people of earth on the new planet. For example,
  if something happen to Earth, we may all have to move to Proxima B. This could
  be a problem because if there was not enough room on Proxima B, we would have
  to decide who goes and who dies.

15. (cata: P) In the year 2043, on Proxima B, there may be a problem with the
  citizens who move there being unequipped for life there. For example, the
  climate may be overly hot or cold. This could be a problem because many people
  may be killed or get sick.

16. (cata: P) In the year 2043, on Proxima B, there may be a problem with people
  getting new diseases we have never encountered before. For example, many events
  in history suggest that if people are not exposed to diseases, they get them
  quickly instead of being immune. This could be a problem because the
  population could be majorly (not sure) and we would have to devote our time
  to making antidotes.
