#qualifying packet

1. (cata: 10, 3; R, E) The government will buy the SDS so that there is no confusion
  of who is in control of the spaceships. They will do this because the
  government will eventually want to take over the mission. They will do this by
  selling the company to the government.

2. (cata: 4, 5; R, E) The U.S. government will sign a treaty with any other countries
  who are possibly looking into going to Proxima B. They will do this because it
  will establish trust between the different countries and it will give the
  Athena mission more funding. They will do this by creating and offering a
  treaty to different countries.

3. (cata: 4, 10; R, E) The citizens of the world will sign an agreement ensuring that
  the new planet will be divided among all the countries when it is found. They
  will do this because it will bring peace among the countries and every country
  will get their fair share. They will do this by creating an agreement and
  giving it to all the people in the world and when it is signed, it is agreed
  that they will share the planet with the rest of the world.

4. (cata: 4; R, E) The U.S. will not tell anybody about the new planet. They will do
  this because they want to populate their own planet and not have any other
  countries be apart of it. They will do this by only trusting important,
  secretive people with their secret.

5. (cata: 4; R, E) The Central Intelligence Agency will send an agent to Russia and
  (... not sure). They will do this because that way the U.S. can supervise
  Russia to make sure that they do not go behind the United States back. They
  will do this by agreeing to put an agent into each others government.

6. (cata: 9, 10; R, E, O) All major space agencies will put in time and effort to create
  the Intergalactic Travel Agency. The ITA will do this because the entire world
  needs to unite for the Athena Mission (not sure). The ITA will do this by
  giving up their own countries' space agencies and forming one big space agency.

7. (cata: P) The countries of the world will agree to make the planet a new
  country with a democracy. They will do this because it will give people more
  room to spread out, but it will not disrupt the world as it is.

8. (cata: 10; R, E) The countries of the world will agree to send only scientists to
  Proxima B and otherwise leave it alone. They will do this because it will
  ensure no world wars while we could still get resources and data from the
  planet.

9. (cata: 4; R, E) The SDS will create a survey/test that asks what the purpose and
  what the people know about space travel before they allow a country to launch
  a spacecraft to Proxima B. They will do this because they can ensure that no
  country is being unsafe or taking advantage of the planet.

10. (cata: P) The government will not fund the project, but they will allow it
  to continue.They will do this because they can prevent the SDS from taking
  shortcuts.

11. (cata: 3; R, E) The SDS will entrust NASA with the project. They will do this
  because NASA may get more support and funds to ensure the safety of the
  project.

12. (cata: P) The SDS will program the 4D printed robots to take only the safest
  and most humane routes to their goals. They will do this because it will
  ensure safer living and working spaces.

13. (cata: P) The SDS will program the 4D printed robots to set surveillance
  cameras around the planet that will be available to the public. They will do
  this because it will ensure trust between the people and the SDS.

14. (cata: 10; R, E) The SDS will agree to share the country with everyone, but if a
  country makes a fuss, they will not get a share. They will do this because
  they can ensure a happier planet

15. (cata: P) The countries will make an agreement that says we will only
  inhabit the planet if there are no life forms there. This will ensure that we
  do not invade an are not (not sure) with other species.

16. (cata: 10; R, E) The countries will make an agreement that the first country/
  business to get to Proxima B safley and on the first try will have control
  over half the planet. They will do this because it will encourage people to
  make it quick, safe, and effective.
