Another day, another cloud storage breach. If it had been 2018, MK's heels would have clicked as she hurried between various physical locations to meet with teams of legal and technical professionals. But it's 2038 so MK stays at her console. She jumps between her online presence and virtual collaborations in the courtroom, office, and conference room. She has constant access to details of breaking news reports, to her consulting firms's research, and to her team members' streams of information. The clock is ticking - the press will expect a statement soon to address consumer questions and relieve their worries about cloud storage.

MK works in a large room with hundreds of people who interact with their global connections, rarely with each other. She lives in one of Chicago's massive Cloud Commuting and Computing Communities, known simply as Chicago C4. Through cloud storage technology, she lives among thousands who rarely leave the physical building, since every comfort and entertainment, anywhere in the world, is merely a click away. The cloud computing movement has transformed the globe. This always-on, digital hybrid of public and private storage blends physical and virtual realities seamlessly.

Many people choose to forgo traditional comforts like their own homes or apartments, cars, and belongings to live in residence like Chicago C4. Living virtually is cheaper, less damaging to the environment, far more productive and offers more entertainment options. Many public and private cloud providers have consolidated, resulting in fierce competition among the remaining few. However, the quality of cloud storage afforded to each individual still comes at a premium. The wealthy can spend more for higher tiers of security, faster access, and more choices.

The world's sharpest minds push innovative cloud storage ideas forward. The best legal experts try to create the laws needed to bring order to the blended virtual, storage, and physical world. New trends emerge such as "cloud bursting," in which an app can run in a private cloud and "burst" into a public cloud when the demand for computing capacity spikes. Apps based in one cloud can also hook into other clouds, so you can attend sporting events virtually, and be in one the the "hang out with the players" tribes. In other words, different parts of applications "float around" among service providers.

As a Cloud Specialist, MK boasts an impressive resume working as a consultant for major tech and cloud companies. In the last five years, she and her cloud based team (along with Artificial Intelligence support) have investigated some of the highest profile security breaches in cloud computing. Often, those with malicious intent are capable of stealing identities and life-savings by taking advantage of weaknesses in the cloud structure. As a leader in the cloud storage industry, Mk is responsible for an number of innovative identity and data protections that are widely used to secure cloud-stored information, protect personal information, and safeguard financial information.

Malicious behavior in the cloud continues to escalate. Today's loss of 80 million profiles from those with the lowest tier service represents the latest breach. MK's work has already been a giant step toward solving issues that have arisen concerning security, identity fraud, and socioeconomic service tiers. However, scrambling of tracking information makes it nearly impossible to locate those who create the problems. Now MK is working feverishly to finalize her statement on these key cloud storage concerns and the inequality between socioeconomic status, storage quality, and reliability.

With just hours before MK's proposal, you feel a virtual tap on your shoulder through the haptic chair where you sit in Chicago C4. MK turns to you and asks, "Please review the security challenges consumers face in this cloud storage world. Use your six-step process to identify an important Underlying Problem and share your Action Plan with me in two hours, so I can consider it before my press release."
